### Modules ###
#### bgchof.py ####

main moudle. Can be invoked from the CLI with a date and prints out a string, formatted with the types of food allowed for this given date.
No arguments - defaults to current date
Date in yyyy-mm-dd format - calculate diet for the input date
Other - should generate an error

#### fastingIO.py ####

an i/o module with functions for reading from and writing to a .csv file in the format (int daynumber, int(0-6) status).
readFastingList checks for existing cache file and if it exists, returns a list of dates. If the cache file doesn't exist, logs an error to stderr
writeFastingList attempts to create a cache file and logs an error on fail

#### generateCalendar.py ####

This module contains the logic for calculation of fasting data for a calendar year.
*fastingYearList* - a wrapper-function calling all the rest in order. Needs an input year number. Uses ### calculateEaster.py ### to calculate the date of Easter Sunday and Pentecost for the input year and then utilizes them in other functions.
*generateList* - creates a list and sets all dates with a base value of 6
*generateBaseFasting* - applies the basic fasting rules according to [FASTINGRULES](docs/FASTINGRULES.md) iterating over the calendar year.
*resurrectionFast* - calculates and applies the specific fasting for the 7 week period preceding Easter Sunday. Input parameters are the requested date/year and list generated by generateBaseFasting. 
*stPeterAndPaulFast* - applies the fasting rules depending on the date of Pentecost
*dormitionFast* - calculates fasting rules for the Dormition Fast for a given year (fixed dates)
*nativityFast* - calculates fasting rules for the fast preceding Nativity for a given year (fixed dates)
*yearDayCurrYear* - helper function, returns the item number within the year for a the input date
*printCalendar* - helper CLI output function
*getVeganDays* - calculates the number of days with a purely vegan diet (no animal based food) for a given year
*getVegetarianDays* - calculates the number of days with a vegetarian diet (no meat or fish, but i.e. dairy/eggs allowed) for a given year


a list of procedures that calculate the fasting status for each day in a list 
**(list) fastingYearlist(int year)** - returns a list in the format 'dayNumber', 'fastingStatus' where dayNumber is the number of the day in the calendar year (Jan 1st = 1, Dec 31st = 365/6) and fastingStatus is [0..6]

**generateList(inputYear)** - returns a list with a number of elements equal to the number of days in inputYear. Each element is assigned a value of '6' (everything allowed, nor restrictions)

**generateBaseFasting(inputYear, inputList)** - goes through inputList and applies the base fasting rules



**calculateEaster.py**

Calculate Easter according to the Bulgarian Christian Orthodox Church Typikon (1980 edition, p. 510-512)
for use in i.e. time shifting holidays and fasting

Easter Sunday should be the 1st Sunday after the first full moon after the Spring Equinox

According to Bulgarian Christian Orthodox Typikon,
the date of easter is found by dividing the year by 28 and by 19 and using lookup tables

the result should be b/w APR 4 and May 11

*Correction for Century*

The look-up-tables in the Tipikon themselves are only valid for years 1900-2099.
The correction factor for Gregorian vs Julian calendars should be applied as follows
- 5.10.1582 - 28.02.1700 - 10 days (-3 delta from the Tipikon)
- 29.02.1700 - 28.02.1800 - 11 days (-2 delta)
- 29.02.1800 - 28.02.1900 - 12 days (-1 delta)
- 2100 +   14 days (+1 delta)
more here http://5ko.free.fr/bg/jul.php

The calculations should be valid for years between 1582 and 9999.

*calcEaster* - finds the date of Easter Sunday in the look-up table using modulo dvision in 28 and 19 an calls calculateMonthAndLineNumber
*calculateMonthAndLineNumber* - finds the month in which Easter Sunday falls and the line number in the look-up table using modulo division in 19.

**fastingStatus.py**

*fastingValue2Msg* - transforms the integer input (0..6) to a message for CLI output